ci: Add PR linting workflow and update contributing guidelines (#3032)
agno-agi/agno: CONTRIBUTING.md

- Fork the repository.
- Create a new branch for your feature.
  - Add your feature or improvement.
  - **Ensure your Pull Request follows our guidelines (see below).**
  - Send a pull request.
  - We appreciate your support & input!

## Pull Request Guidelines

To maintain a clear and organized project history, please adhere to the following guidelines when submitting Pull Requests:

1.  **Title Format:** Your PR title must start with a type tag enclosed in square brackets, followed by a space and a concise subject.
    - Example: `[feat] Add user authentication`
    - Valid types: `[feat]`, `[fix]`, `[docs]`, `[test]`, `[refactor]`, `[build]`, `[ci]`, `[chore]`, `[perf]`, `[style]`, `[revert]`.

> 2.  **Link to Issue:** The PR description must reference the issue it addresses using keywords like `fixes #<issue_number>`, `closes #<issue_number>`, or `resolves #<issue_number>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  **Link to Issue:** The PR description should ideally reference the issue it addresses using keywords like `fixes #<issue_number>`, `closes #<issue_number>`, or `resolves #<issue_number>`.
```
